Refresh intros and meta descriptions across the main user-facing docs (#45313)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/modes.markdown

---
title: "Automation modes"

> description: "Choose how an automation behaves when it is triggered while a previous run is still going, with the single, restart, queued, and parallel modes."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Automation modes define how an automation behaves when it is triggered while still running from a previous trigger. Home Assistant has single, restart, queued, and parallel modes."
```
